after me
Please Wannian come on stage for a moment.
What are you doing?
Arrive in front of me
He will go on stage before he hears his debut.
This is out. I don’t think this smells like anything.
I think you have a good eye and mind.
I almost got deceived by you.
Blind, blind, blind, look, I've been out a long time ago.
He is not a good person.
Blind, do you have anything else to say?
I say it's all true. Blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind
Blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind.
Just ask him to tell you
Talk about this guy from Ten Thousand Family Flags
Are you sick?
Forget about original weekend heterodyne
So down today
You just dare to do it
I don't want my life
He has to make it this big
The word of immortality
Xiong Yi is here
Can't save him